README.md, before:

# XyBeat 🎵

A powerful Discord music bot built with TypeScript and discord.js v14, featuring advanced YouTube integration and real-time download progress tracking.

## 🎵 Music-First Features

### 🚀 Core Music Engine

- 🎶 **Native yt-dlp Integration** - Direct binary usage for maximum reliability and quality
- 📊 **Real-Time Progress Tracking** - Live download progress with visual indicators
- 💾 **Smart MP3 Caching** - Instant playback for previously downloaded songs
- 🔍 **Advanced YouTube Search** - Search by song name, artist, or paste any YouTube URL
- 📋 **Comprehensive Playlist Support** - Handle YouTube playlists, mixes, and radio stations
- ⏯️ **Full Playback Controls** - Play, pause, resume, skip, stop, and queue management
- 📄 **Interactive Queue Management** - Paginated display with navigation buttons
- 🎛️ **Voice Channel Integration** - Smart auto-join/leave with optimal audio quality
- 🔄 **Intelligent Fallbacks** - Graceful handling of private/restricted content
- 🎯 **Format Optimization** - Uses best available audio formats with MP3 conversion

### 🛠️ Technical Excellence

- 🚀 **TypeScript-Powered** - Full type safety and modern development experience
- ⚡ **Discord.js v14** - Latest Discord API features and performance optimizations
- 🎯 **Slash Commands** - Modern Discord command interface
- 📁 **Modular Architecture** - Clean, maintainable, and extensible codebase
- 🔧 **Hot Reload Development** - Fast iteration during development
- 🎨 **Rich Embeds** - Beautiful and informative Discord message displays
- 🛡️ **Robust Error Handling** - Comprehensive logging and graceful failure recovery
- 📊 **Performance Monitoring** - Built-in statistics and health monitoring

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 16.11.0 or higher
- A Discord application and bot token
- **yt-dlp** binary installed (`/snap/bin/yt-dlp`)
- **FFmpeg** binary installed (`/usr/bin/ffmpeg`)
- **Redis server** (optional) - For persistent queue storage across bot restarts

### System Dependencies

For Ubuntu/Debian:

```bash
# Install yt-dlp
sudo snap install yt-dlp

# Install FFmpeg
sudo apt update && sudo apt install ffmpeg

# Install Redis (optional, for persistent queues)
sudo apt install redis-server

# Verify installations
yt-dlp --version
ffmpeg -version
redis-server --version
```

For other systems, please install yt-dlp, FFmpeg, and Redis according to your OS package manager.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   \`\`\`bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd xybeat
   \`\`\`

2. Install dependencies:
   \`\`\`bash
   npm install
   \`\`\`

3. Copy the environment file and configure it:
   \`\`\`bash
   cp .env.example .env
   \`\`\`

4. Edit \`.env\` with your bot configuration:
   \`\`\`env
   # Discord Bot Configuration
   DISCORD_TOKEN=your_bot_token_here
   CLIENT_ID=your_application_id_here
   GUILD_ID=your_guild_id_here_for_development
   NODE_ENV=development

   # Redis Configuration (Optional)
   REDIS_ENABLED=false
   REDIS_HOST=localhost
   REDIS_PORT=6379
   REDIS_PASSWORD=
   REDIS_DB=0
   REDIS_KEY_PREFIX=xybeat:
   \`\`\`

   **Redis Queue Persistence (Optional):**
   - Set `REDIS_ENABLED=true` to enable persistent queue storage
   - Queues are saved by voice channel and persist across bot restarts
   - **Crash Recovery**: Currently playing song state is saved and resumed after crashes
   - **Auto-cleanup**: Playing states expire after 30 minutes of inactivity
   - Configure Redis connection details as needed

### Getting Discord Bot Credentials

1. Go to the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications)
2. Create a new application
3. Go to the "Bot" section and create a bot
4. Copy the bot token and set it as \`DISCORD_TOKEN\`
5. Go to the "General Information" section and copy the Application ID as \`CLIENT_ID\`
6. For development, copy your server ID as \`GUILD_ID\` (right-click server in Discord with Developer Mode enabled)

### Running XyBeat

1. Start the music bot in development mode:
   \`\`\`bash
   npm run dev
   \`\`\`

2. Or build and run in production:
   \`\`\`bash
   npm run build
   npm start
   \`\`\`

**Note:** Commands are automatically registered when the bot starts. No manual deployment needed!

#### Manual Command Deployment (Optional)

If you need to manually deploy commands (for troubleshooting):
\`\`\`bash
npm run deploy-commands
\`\`\`

## 🎵 Music Commands

| Command | Description | Usage Examples |
|---------|-------------|----------------|
| **🎵 `/play`** | **Play music from YouTube** - Supports URLs, playlists, search queries, and YouTube mixes | `/play query: Bohemian Rhapsody`<br>`/play query: https://youtube.com/watch?v=...`<br>`/play query: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=...` |
| **📋 `/queue`** | **View music queue** - Interactive paginated display with navigation controls | Shows current queue with song details and position |
| **⏸️ `/pause`** | **Pause playback** - Temporarily stop the current song | Pauses the currently playing track |
| **▶️ `/resume`** | **Resume playback or recover from crash** - Continue paused song or restore crashed session | Resumes paused track or recovers from bot crash |
| **⏭️ `/skip`** | **Skip to next song** - Move to the next track in queue | Skips current song and plays next |
| **⏹️ `/stop`** | **Stop music** - Stop playback but preserve queue for resuming | Stops music without clearing queue |
| **🗑️ `/clear`** | **Clear queue** - Remove all songs from the queue | Clears the entire music queue |

### 🛠️ Utility Commands

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `/ping` | Check bot latency and response time |
| `/help` | Show all available commands and bot information |
| `/server` | Get information about the current server |
| `/invite` | Get the invite link to add XyBeat to other servers |

## 🎯 Advanced Features

### 🎵 Music Input Support

| Input Type | Support | Description |
|------------|---------|-------------|
| **🔗 Direct YouTube URLs** | ✅ Full | Single video links with instant recognition |
| **📋 YouTube Playlists** | ✅ Full | Entire playlists (up to 50 videos) |
| **📻 YouTube Mixes/Radio** | ✅ Smart Fallback | Automatically extracts the current video |
| **🔍 Search Queries** | ✅ Full | Search by song name, artist, or keywords |
| **🔀 Mixed URLs** | ✅ Smart | Videos with playlist parameters |

### 📊 Queue Management

- **📄 Paginated Display** - Shows 10 songs per page with interactive navigation
- **🔄 Real-time Updates** - Queue updates automatically as songs are added/removed
- **👤 User Control** - Only command user can navigate queue pages
- **⏰ Auto-timeout** - Navigation buttons disable after 5 minutes for performance
- **📈 Smart Progress** - Real-time download progress with visual indicators

### 🎧 Audio Processing Pipeline

- **🎯 Format 18 Selection** - Optimal quality/compatibility balance
- **📊 Real-time Progress** - Live download tracking with percentage and speed
- **🔄 MP3 Conversion** - All audio standardized to MP3 format via FFmpeg
- **💾 Intelligent Caching** - Files stored in `~/music-bot/mp3/` directory
- **⚡ Instant Replay** - Cached files play immediately on repeat
- **🔄 Progress Cleanup** - Progress indicators automatically disappear when complete

## Development

### Scripts

- \`npm run dev\` - Start bot in development mode with hot reload
- \`npm run build\` - Build TypeScript to JavaScript
- \`npm start\` - Start the built bot
- \`npm run deploy-commands\` - Deploy slash commands to Discord
- \`npm run lint\` - Run ESLint and fix issues
- \`npm run format\` - Format and fix code with ESLint

### Project Structure

\`\`\`
src/
├── commands/ # Slash commands
├── events/ # Discord event handlers
├── handlers/ # Command and event loaders
├── types/ # TypeScript type definitions
├── utils/ # Utility functions and classes
├── config/ # Configuration management
└── index.ts # Main bot entry point
\`\`\`

### Adding New Commands

1. Create a new file in \`src/commands/\` following the existing pattern
2. Export a command object with \`data\` and \`execute\` properties
3. Run \`npm run deploy-commands\` to register the new command
4. Restart the bot

### Adding New Events

1. Create a new file in \`src/events/\` following the existing pattern
2. Export an event object with \`name\`, \`execute\`, and optionally \`once\` properties
3. Restart the bot to load the new event

## Bot Permissions

The bot requires the following permissions:

- Send Messages
- Use Slash Commands
- Read Message History
- View Channels
- Connect (for voice channels)
- Speak (for voice channels)

## Troubleshooting

### Music Player Issues

If you encounter issues with the music player:

#### Common Solutions

1. **Check system dependencies**:
   \`\`\`bash

   # Verify yt-dlp is installed and accessible

   /snap/bin/yt-dlp --version

   # Verify FFmpeg is installed

   /usr/bin/ffmpeg -version
   \`\`\`

2. **Check voice permissions**: Ensure bot has Connect and Speak permissions in voice channels

3. **Verify file permissions**: Ensure bot can write to \`~/music-bot/mp3/\` directory
   \`\`\`bash
   mkdir -p ~/music-bot/mp3
   chmod 755 ~/music-bot/mp3
   \`\`\`

4. **Check bot logs**: Look for specific error messages in console output

#### Playlist Issues

- **Private playlists**: Bot will extract single video if playlist is private
- **Large playlists**: Limited to 50 videos to prevent spam
- **Mixed URLs**: Bot automatically handles video URLs with playlist parameters

#### Audio Quality Issues

- **Format 18**: Used for optimal quality/compatibility balance
- **MP3 conversion**: All audio standardized to MP3 format
- **Local caching**: Files stored locally for faster subsequent access

For detailed troubleshooting history, see \`YTDL_FIX.md\` and \`DAVE_FIX.md\`.

## 🚀 What Makes XyBeat Special

### 🎵 Music-First Design

XyBeat was built from the ground up as a dedicated music bot, focusing on:

- **🎯 Reliability** - Native yt-dlp integration ensures consistent downloads
- **⚡ Performance** - Smart caching and progress tracking for optimal user experience  
- **🔄 Flexibility** - Handles any YouTube content: videos, playlists, mixes, and searches
- **🎨 User Experience** - Beautiful progress indicators and intuitive controls
- **🛡️ Robustness** - Graceful fallbacks for private/restricted content

### 🏗️ Technical Architecture

XyBeat uses a sophisticated multi-layer approach:

1. **🎶 yt-dlp Engine** - Direct binary integration for maximum compatibility
2. **📊 Progress Pipeline** - Real-time download tracking with visual feedback
3. **🔄 FFmpeg Processing** - High-quality audio conversion (format 18 → MP3)
4. **💾 Smart Caching** - Local file system storage for instant replay
5. **🎛️ Discord Integration** - Optimized voice channel handling and embed displays
6. **🔧 Auto-Management** - Automatic command registration and resource cleanup

### ✨ Latest Features

- ✅ **Real-Time Progress Tracking** - Live download progress with visual indicators
- ✅ **Auto Command Registration** - Commands automatically deployed on bot startup
- ✅ **Progress Cleanup** - Progress embeds automatically disappear when complete
- ✅ **Enhanced Playlist Support** - Smart fallbacks for YouTube mixes and radio
- ✅ **Redis Queue Persistence** - Optional queue storage across bot restarts by voice channel
- ✅ **Crash Recovery System** - Resume currently playing song after bot crashes/restarts
- ✅ **Separated Stop/Clear Commands** - Stop preserves queue, clear removes all songs
- ✅ **Discord.js v14** - Latest Discord API features and optimizations
- ✅ **TypeScript Excellence** - Full type safety and modern development practices

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions to make XyBeat even better! 

1. **Fork** the repository
2. **Create** a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. **Make** your changes with proper testing
4. **Format** your code: `npm run format` (includes linting with auto-fix)
5. **Test** your changes thoroughly
6. **Submit** a pull request with a clear description

### 💡 Ideas for Contributions

- 🎵 Additional music sources (SoundCloud, Spotify integration)
- 🎨 Enhanced embed designs and user interfaces
- 🔊 Audio effects and filters
- 📊 Music statistics and analytics
- 🌐 Multi-language support
- 🎯 Performance optimizations

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

---

**🎵 Built with ❤️ for music lovers and Discord communities**

Commit message:

feat: update README and index.ts for bot intent configuration and troubleshooting
- Enhanced the README.md to include important information regarding Discord's Privileged Gateway Intents, clarifying which intents are not required for XyBeat.
- Added a new troubleshooting section in README.md addressing common bot connection issues, specifically the "Used disallowed intents" error and permission issues.
- Updated index.ts to create a new client instance with only the minimal required intents for the music bot, improving efficiency and compliance with Discord's guidelines.

README.md, after:

# XyBeat 🎵

A powerful Discord music bot built with TypeScript and discord.js v14, featuring advanced YouTube integration and real-time download progress tracking.

## 🎵 Music-First Features

### 🚀 Core Music Engine

- 🎶 **Native yt-dlp Integration** - Direct binary usage for maximum reliability and quality
- 📊 **Real-Time Progress Tracking** - Live download progress with visual indicators
- 💾 **Smart MP3 Caching** - Instant playback for previously downloaded songs
- 🔍 **Advanced YouTube Search** - Search by song name, artist, or paste any YouTube URL
- 📋 **Comprehensive Playlist Support** - Handle YouTube playlists, mixes, and radio stations
- ⏯️ **Full Playback Controls** - Play, pause, resume, skip, stop, and queue management
- 📄 **Interactive Queue Management** - Paginated display with navigation buttons
- 🎛️ **Voice Channel Integration** - Smart auto-join/leave with optimal audio quality
- 🔄 **Intelligent Fallbacks** - Graceful handling of private/restricted content
- 🎯 **Format Optimization** - Uses best available audio formats with MP3 conversion

### 🛠️ Technical Excellence

- 🚀 **TypeScript-Powered** - Full type safety and modern development experience
- ⚡ **Discord.js v14** - Latest Discord API features and performance optimizations
- 🎯 **Slash Commands** - Modern Discord command interface
- 📁 **Modular Architecture** - Clean, maintainable, and extensible codebase
- 🔧 **Hot Reload Development** - Fast iteration during development
- 🎨 **Rich Embeds** - Beautiful and informative Discord message displays
- 🛡️ **Robust Error Handling** - Comprehensive logging and graceful failure recovery
- 📊 **Performance Monitoring** - Built-in statistics and health monitoring

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 16.11.0 or higher
- A Discord application and bot token
- **yt-dlp** binary installed (`/snap/bin/yt-dlp`)
- **FFmpeg** binary installed (`/usr/bin/ffmpeg`)
- **Redis server** (optional) - For persistent queue storage across bot restarts

### System Dependencies

For Ubuntu/Debian:

```bash
# Install yt-dlp
sudo snap install yt-dlp

# Install FFmpeg
sudo apt update && sudo apt install ffmpeg

# Install Redis (optional, for persistent queues)
sudo apt install redis-server

# Verify installations
yt-dlp --version
ffmpeg -version
redis-server --version
```

For other systems, please install yt-dlp, FFmpeg, and Redis according to your OS package manager.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   \`\`\`bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd xybeat
   \`\`\`

2. Install dependencies:
   \`\`\`bash
   npm install
   \`\`\`

3. Copy the environment file and configure it:
   \`\`\`bash
   cp .env.example .env
   \`\`\`

4. Edit \`.env\` with your bot configuration:
   \`\`\`env
   # Discord Bot Configuration
   DISCORD_TOKEN=your_bot_token_here
   CLIENT_ID=your_application_id_here
   GUILD_ID=your_guild_id_here_for_development
   NODE_ENV=development

   # Redis Configuration (Optional)
   REDIS_ENABLED=false
   REDIS_HOST=localhost
   REDIS_PORT=6379
   REDIS_PASSWORD=
   REDIS_DB=0
   REDIS_KEY_PREFIX=xybeat:
   \`\`\`

   **Redis Queue Persistence (Optional):**
   - Set `REDIS_ENABLED=true` to enable persistent queue storage
   - Queues are saved by voice channel and persist across bot restarts
   - **Crash Recovery**: Currently playing song state is saved and resumed after crashes
   - **Auto-cleanup**: Playing states expire after 30 minutes of inactivity
   - Configure Redis connection details as needed

### Getting Discord Bot Credentials

1. Go to the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications)
2. Create a new application
3. Go to the "Bot" section and create a bot
4. **Important**: Under "Privileged Gateway Intents", you may need to enable:
   - ❌ **Presence Intent** - Not required for XyBeat
   - ❌ **Server Members Intent** - Not required for XyBeat  
   - ❌ **Message Content Intent** - Not required for XyBeat (uses slash commands)
5. Copy the bot token and set it as \`DISCORD_TOKEN\`
6. Go to the "General Information" section and copy the Application ID as \`CLIENT_ID\`
7. For development, copy your server ID as \`GUILD_ID\` (right-click server in Discord with Developer Mode enabled)

### Running XyBeat

1. Start the music bot in development mode:
   \`\`\`bash
   npm run dev
   \`\`\`

2. Or build and run in production:
   \`\`\`bash
   npm run build
   npm start
   \`\`\`

**Note:** Commands are automatically registered when the bot starts. No manual deployment needed!

#### Manual Command Deployment (Optional)

If you need to manually deploy commands (for troubleshooting):
\`\`\`bash
npm run deploy-commands
\`\`\`

## 🎵 Music Commands

| Command | Description | Usage Examples |
|---------|-------------|----------------|
| **🎵 `/play`** | **Play music from YouTube** - Supports URLs, playlists, search queries, and YouTube mixes | `/play query: Bohemian Rhapsody`<br>`/play query: https://youtube.com/watch?v=...`<br>`/play query: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=...` |
| **📋 `/queue`** | **View music queue** - Interactive paginated display with navigation controls | Shows current queue with song details and position |
| **⏸️ `/pause`** | **Pause playback** - Temporarily stop the current song | Pauses the currently playing track |
| **▶️ `/resume`** | **Resume playback or recover from crash** - Continue paused song or restore crashed session | Resumes paused track or recovers from bot crash |
| **⏭️ `/skip`** | **Skip to next song** - Move to the next track in queue | Skips current song and plays next |
| **⏹️ `/stop`** | **Stop music** - Stop playback but preserve queue for resuming | Stops music without clearing queue |
| **🗑️ `/clear`** | **Clear queue** - Remove all songs from the queue | Clears the entire music queue |

### 🛠️ Utility Commands

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `/ping` | Check bot latency and response time |
| `/help` | Show all available commands and bot information |
| `/server` | Get information about the current server |
| `/invite` | Get the invite link to add XyBeat to other servers |

## 🎯 Advanced Features

### 🎵 Music Input Support

| Input Type | Support | Description |
|------------|---------|-------------|
| **🔗 Direct YouTube URLs** | ✅ Full | Single video links with instant recognition |
| **📋 YouTube Playlists** | ✅ Full | Entire playlists (up to 50 videos) |
| **📻 YouTube Mixes/Radio** | ✅ Smart Fallback | Automatically extracts the current video |
| **🔍 Search Queries** | ✅ Full | Search by song name, artist, or keywords |
| **🔀 Mixed URLs** | ✅ Smart | Videos with playlist parameters |

### 📊 Queue Management

- **📄 Paginated Display** - Shows 10 songs per page with interactive navigation
- **🔄 Real-time Updates** - Queue updates automatically as songs are added/removed
- **👤 User Control** - Only command user can navigate queue pages
- **⏰ Auto-timeout** - Navigation buttons disable after 5 minutes for performance
- **📈 Smart Progress** - Real-time download progress with visual indicators

### 🎧 Audio Processing Pipeline

- **🎯 Format 18 Selection** - Optimal quality/compatibility balance
- **📊 Real-time Progress** - Live download tracking with percentage and speed
- **🔄 MP3 Conversion** - All audio standardized to MP3 format via FFmpeg
- **💾 Intelligent Caching** - Files stored in `~/music-bot/mp3/` directory
- **⚡ Instant Replay** - Cached files play immediately on repeat
- **🔄 Progress Cleanup** - Progress indicators automatically disappear when complete

## Development

### Scripts

- \`npm run dev\` - Start bot in development mode with hot reload
- \`npm run build\` - Build TypeScript to JavaScript
- \`npm start\` - Start the built bot
- \`npm run deploy-commands\` - Deploy slash commands to Discord
- \`npm run lint\` - Run ESLint and fix issues
- \`npm run format\` - Format and fix code with ESLint

### Project Structure

\`\`\`
src/
├── commands/ # Slash commands
├── events/ # Discord event handlers
├── handlers/ # Command and event loaders
├── types/ # TypeScript type definitions
├── utils/ # Utility functions and classes
├── config/ # Configuration management
└── index.ts # Main bot entry point
\`\`\`

### Adding New Commands

1. Create a new file in \`src/commands/\` following the existing pattern
2. Export a command object with \`data\` and \`execute\` properties
3. Run \`npm run deploy-commands\` to register the new command
4. Restart the bot

### Adding New Events

1. Create a new file in \`src/events/\` following the existing pattern
2. Export an event object with \`name\`, \`execute\`, and optionally \`once\` properties
3. Restart the bot to load the new event

## Bot Permissions

The bot requires the following permissions:

- Send Messages
- Use Slash Commands
- Read Message History
- View Channels
- Connect (for voice channels)
- Speak (for voice channels)

## Troubleshooting

### Bot Connection Issues

#### "Used disallowed intents" Error

If you get this error, check your Discord Developer Portal settings:

1. **Go to Discord Developer Portal** → Your Application → Bot
2. **Check "Privileged Gateway Intents"** section:
   - ❌ **DO NOT enable** "Presence Intent" (not needed)
   - ❌ **DO NOT enable** "Server Members Intent" (not needed) 
   - ❌ **DO NOT enable** "Message Content Intent" (not needed for slash commands)
3. **XyBeat only needs basic intents** which are enabled by default
4. **If error persists**, the bot token might be invalid or expired

#### Permission Issues

Ensure your bot has these permissions in Discord servers:
- **Send Messages** - For command responses
- **Use Slash Commands** - For command execution  
- **Connect** - To join voice channels
- **Speak** - To play audio in voice channels
- **View Channels** - To see voice and text channels

### Music Player Issues

If you encounter issues with the music player:

#### Common Solutions

1. **Check system dependencies**:
   \`\`\`bash

   # Verify yt-dlp is installed and accessible

   /snap/bin/yt-dlp --version

   # Verify FFmpeg is installed

   /usr/bin/ffmpeg -version
   \`\`\`

2. **Check voice permissions**: Ensure bot has Connect and Speak permissions in voice channels

3. **Verify file permissions**: Ensure bot can write to \`~/music-bot/mp3/\` directory
   \`\`\`bash
   mkdir -p ~/music-bot/mp3
   chmod 755 ~/music-bot/mp3
   \`\`\`

4. **Check bot logs**: Look for specific error messages in console output

#### Playlist Issues

- **Private playlists**: Bot will extract single video if playlist is private
- **Large playlists**: Limited to 50 videos to prevent spam
- **Mixed URLs**: Bot automatically handles video URLs with playlist parameters

#### Audio Quality Issues

- **Format 18**: Used for optimal quality/compatibility balance
- **MP3 conversion**: All audio standardized to MP3 format
- **Local caching**: Files stored locally for faster subsequent access

For detailed troubleshooting history, see \`YTDL_FIX.md\` and \`DAVE_FIX.md\`.

## 🚀 What Makes XyBeat Special

### 🎵 Music-First Design

XyBeat was built from the ground up as a dedicated music bot, focusing on:

- **🎯 Reliability** - Native yt-dlp integration ensures consistent downloads
- **⚡ Performance** - Smart caching and progress tracking for optimal user experience  
- **🔄 Flexibility** - Handles any YouTube content: videos, playlists, mixes, and searches
- **🎨 User Experience** - Beautiful progress indicators and intuitive controls
- **🛡️ Robustness** - Graceful fallbacks for private/restricted content

### 🏗️ Technical Architecture

XyBeat uses a sophisticated multi-layer approach:

1. **🎶 yt-dlp Engine** - Direct binary integration for maximum compatibility
2. **📊 Progress Pipeline** - Real-time download tracking with visual feedback
3. **🔄 FFmpeg Processing** - High-quality audio conversion (format 18 → MP3)
4. **💾 Smart Caching** - Local file system storage for instant replay
5. **🎛️ Discord Integration** - Optimized voice channel handling and embed displays
6. **🔧 Auto-Management** - Automatic command registration and resource cleanup

### ✨ Latest Features

- ✅ **Real-Time Progress Tracking** - Live download progress with visual indicators
- ✅ **Auto Command Registration** - Commands automatically deployed on bot startup
- ✅ **Progress Cleanup** - Progress embeds automatically disappear when complete
- ✅ **Enhanced Playlist Support** - Smart fallbacks for YouTube mixes and radio
- ✅ **Redis Queue Persistence** - Optional queue storage across bot restarts by voice channel
- ✅ **Crash Recovery System** - Resume currently playing song after bot crashes/restarts
- ✅ **Separated Stop/Clear Commands** - Stop preserves queue, clear removes all songs
- ✅ **Discord.js v14** - Latest Discord API features and optimizations
- ✅ **TypeScript Excellence** - Full type safety and modern development practices

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions to make XyBeat even better! 

1. **Fork** the repository
2. **Create** a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. **Make** your changes with proper testing
4. **Format** your code: `npm run format` (includes linting with auto-fix)
5. **Test** your changes thoroughly
6. **Submit** a pull request with a clear description

### 💡 Ideas for Contributions

- 🎵 Additional music sources (SoundCloud, Spotify integration)
- 🎨 Enhanced embed designs and user interfaces
- 🔊 Audio effects and filters
- 📊 Music statistics and analytics
- 🌐 Multi-language support
- 🎯 Performance optimizations

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

---

**🎵 Built with ❤️ for music lovers and Discord communities**
